README.md, before:

Note: This tool is still in the early stages of development.
# Unity Widget-Attributes

Use attributes to create widgets and labels ("handles") in the scene view, to visualise and manipulate data in the Scene View.

Instructions:

    Download and extract the package into your Assets folder.
    Make sure to include the WidgetAttributes namespace by including the line "using WidgetAttributes;" at the top of any monobehaviour class.
    Use the c# square bracket attributes before (or above) Vector3 and rect fields.
    Add the monobehaviour script to an object in your scene if you haven't already.
    Widget Attribute List:

[Widget]

[Label]

[ArrowTo(nameof(myVector3))]

Notes:

    Currently it only works fully with Vector 3 and Rect fields.
    It currently only works for monobehaviours, and uses a custom Editor for the type monobehaviour. This includes child classes of the monobehaviour
    Style attributes can be used on any field and make changes for the current field and any proceeding fields.
    See the samples for some ideas.

Follow on Github:
https://github.com/GameDevElliot/Widget-Attributes

More documentation to come soon!

Commit message:

Bug fixes and Improvements.
Fixed a scaling issue when a Rect is in local coordinate space.

Improvements:
When working with a local space Vector3, the pivot rotation mode in the Unity Editor now changes the orientation of the location handle. Local pivot rotation will allow you to move the Vector3 aligned to the local axis. Global will allow you to move it aligned to the global axis, despite it being a local point. Note that this intentionally makes no different for Vector3's in world space (which is the default).

README.md, after:

Note: This tool is still in the early stages of development. Changes in near-future versions may occur which may affect the compilation of your scripts
# Unity Widget-Attributes

Use attributes to create widgets and labels ("handles") in the scene view, to visualise and manipulate data in the Scene View.
Handles are by no means, a new thing, and neither is using them inside of a monobehaviour, but they normally not interactable unless they are inside of a custom editor.
The intention of Widget-Attributes is to save you time and energy, by making it easy to create interactable widgets in your scene without having to write a custom editor for each script.

Instructions:

    Download and extract the package into your Assets folder.
    Make sure to include the WidgetAttributes namespace by including the line "using WidgetAttributes;" at the top of any monobehaviour class.
    Use the c# square bracket attributes before (or above) Vector3 and rect fields.
    Add the monobehaviour script to an object in your scene if you haven't already.
    Widget Attribute List:

[Widget]

[Label]

[ArrowTo(nameof(myVector3))]

Notes:

    Currently it only works fully with Vector 3 and Rect fields.
    It currently only works for monobehaviours, and uses a custom Editor for the type monobehaviour. This includes child classes of the monobehaviour
    Style attributes can be used on any field and make changes for the current field and any proceeding fields.
    See the samples for some ideas.

Follow on Github:
https://github.com/GameDevElliot/Widget-Attributes

More documentation to come soon!
